[Boyd]Previously on From...
If these voices are real.
if something here is
communicating with you.
then that means you're
connected to this place
in a way that
no one else here is.
But we need proof.
What is this?
[Sara] They said they
watched you bury the bag
and that this is proof
that they're real.
Do you know what that means?
[Trudy]
Can I have my pillow back?
I just want to take a nap
and it's sort of like a
security blanket for me. you
know?
Yeah. I totally get it.
I'm sorry again.
You know. it's kinda funny.
I have a shirt just like that.
Oh. I know.
I got this out of your suitcase.
What's wrong?
I think maybe
I-I made a mistake.
I knew all about the divorce
and how this whole trip
was just one last hurrah
before you sat us down
to break the news.
Thomas is dead!
You have two other kids!
Why aren't we enough for you?
What is that?
A Farway Tree.
Watch.
How does it do that?
I don't know. But guess what.
- What?
- It works for people too.
Really?
Problem is. you never know
where you'll end up.
There's no wire in here.
What?
In the cord. And the plug?
Look.
None of it makes any sense.
[Hammering]
[Ethan] Mom!
Everything about
this is impossible.
but we can find out
where those wires go.
- [Screams]
- [Gasps]
There was this weird fucking
symbol right on the ceiling!
What are you looking for? Hmm?
[Breathing unsteadily]
I have this crazy idea
that might actually work. and
and if it does.
I might be able to find a
way to get these people home.
They're so beautiful.
I'm so glad you like them.
When can I come inside?
[Indistinct conversations
overlapping]
[Woman]
It's actually kind of rude.
[Woman 2] I know.
What? Not acceptable. No way.
[Chattering]
Oh. let's not make a big deal.
[Woman] It's a party.
you guys. like...
[Chattering. laughing]
- Okay. pick one.
- Um. this one.
I don't know.
it just seems kinda weird
to be celebrating the day
that you got stuck here.
You're looking
at this the wrong way.
It's about celebrating survival.
It reminds everybody
that it's possible.
Besides. it's nice having
a little party once in a while.
Okay. what are you looking for?
I am not looking. I am digging.
Aha! Here it is.
It's my secret stash.
Trudy loves this sweater.
It's the one thing I own that I
don't let her get her hands on.
Besides. it is Ellis' favorite.
What?
Nothing. Uh...
You just you make this
place seem almost normal.
You're really special.
Don't be silly.
We're all really special.
Even Trudy.
That's something a really
special person would say.
There's my girls.
Uh. anybody up
for a little pre game?
Baby. the party hasn't
even started yet.
I know! I know!
That's why they call it pregame.
What?
Nothing.
Just... go easy. okay?
Yeah. I know. I know. I know.
Uh. Julie?
How 'bout you?
Uh... I'm good. thanks.
Okay.
Okay. whatever. You guys suck.
Victor?
Victor. where you at. man?
Let's get this party started!
Is he okay?
Nights like this are just
a little tough for him.
As much as you celebrate
the people who make it.
you also remember
the ones who didn't.
Here. you should wear this.
It'll look really cute.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Okay. come on. man.
I mean. you of all people
should be hammered today.
I mean. how many years
have you been here for?
Please leave me alone.
- Oh...
- [Donna] Ellis!
Ellis!
You want a shot?
Okay.
Donna. there's no more peaches.
I know. We're. uh...
We're all out.
They're gone?
I thought I had a few more cans
stashed away in the basement.
but. uh...
I've been putting some
other things aside for you.
Some fruit cocktail.
Some cranberries
The peaches are gone.
All these years. that's
that's the one thing
that's never changed.
and now they're gone.
I'm sorry. Victor.
[Victor] Yeah.
[Woman] Kevin. come on!
It'll be dark soon.
Coming.
[Door closing]
♪
["Que Sera. Sera [Whatever Will
Be. Will be]" plays]
♪
♪ When I was just a little boy ♪
♪ I asked my father ♪
♪ "What will I be?" ♪
♪ "Will I be handsome?" ♪
♪ "Will I be rich?" ♪
♪ Here's what he said to me ♪
♪ "Que sera. sera" ♪
♪ "Whatever will be. will be" ♪
♪ "The future's
Not ours to see" ♪
♪ "Que sera. sera" ♪
♪ "What will be. will be" ♪
♪ Now
I have children of my own ♪
♪ They ask their father ♪
♪ "What will I be? ♪
♪ "Will I be pretty?" ♪
♪ "Will I be rich?" ♪
♪ I tell them tenderly ♪
♪ "Que sera. sera" ♪
♪ "Whatever will be. will be" ♪
♪ "The future's
Not ours to see" ♪
♪ "Que sera. sera" ♪
♪ "What will be. will be" ♪
- [Bell ringing]
- [Indistinct conversation]
[Bell ringing]
"There was so much joy
on the faces"
"of all the new wondrous
friends she had made."
"so much magic in all the
marvellous places she had been."
[Bell ringing]
"Yet the Cromenockle
had a feeling
"there was still
more yet to come.
"and that her adventures
in this strange new world
truly had just only begun."
[Bell ringing in distance]
♪
[Knocking] Jade?
[Jade] I say you could come in?
My mom wants us
to get dinner started.
Come on.
- What are you doing?
- What the hell. man?
- I was reading this!
- There's no other paper here!
That doesn't mean start drawing
in my fucking book.
You want me to write
on your walls?
Like a psychopath?!
[Indistinct chattering]
What are you doing out here?
I. uh. think there's some
things we need to talk about.
In private.
All right.
come by in the morning.
No. I think we should
do this now.
It's important.
I guess we're having
a sleepover then.
Come on in.
[Door closing. lock clicking]
Looks like you're
going somewhere.
Yeah. I was gonna come by and
talk to you about all this.
Well. we have more to
talk about than I thought.
[Tabitha sighs]
He's completely passed out.
Well. pretty sure
you violated
about a dozen child labor laws
by having him dig
in the basement all day.
No. he was having fun.
He just wanted to help.
I get so nervous every time
I take my eyes off him.
Yeah. Yeah. me too.
But. look.
windows are nailed shut.
The doors are locked.
He couldn't let one
of those things in if he tried.
Yeah. yeah.
Fuck! And then I think about
Julie up in that house.
Donna. the lady who runs
the place. she might be a...
[Chuckles]
but she's definitely not stupid.
Yeah.
How's it going?
Well...
provided I can
convince the sheriff
to let me use all of
their building materials.
not to mention drain every
single battery they've got.
and get Donna
to allow us to build
on the high ground
at Colony House.
should be just promising enough
for everyone to hate me
when it fails.
Oh. come on. don't say that.
You got a signal.
No. come on. I got static.
That's a far cry from a signal.
Well. but it's something.
Yeah.
Hey. Hey.
It matters.
And look.
look on the bright side.
at least we've got our hole in
the basement to fall back on.
Or in.
Or in. I'm gonna head back down.
Best get to it.
- [Music playing]
- [Indistinct chatter. laughter]
Oh. shit.
Hey. watch where
you're going. man. Fuck.
Hey. hey. hey. Hey! Hold on.
- Hey.
- Maybe slow down a little bit.
Hey. I'm I'm fine. I'm fine.
It's a party. right?
Don't worry.
Is everything okay?
Yeah. I think so.
He said not to worry.
so I'm going to worry.
[Donna] All right.
everybody settle down now!
- Everybody!
- We should go.
[Julie] Yeah. yeah. yes.
Hey. shut your fucking mouths!
[All laughing]
All right.
We are here tonight
to celebrate a very
special anniversary.
[Woman] Yeah.
One year ago today...
our dear sweet Fatima
came into our lives.
[Light cheering]
Some of you were here then.
many of you arrived since.
But all of you have
come to know her
and to love her.
for her kindness.
for her strength.
for her wisdom
And for her weed!
[All laughing]
The green thumb is
definitely a big plus.
[Laugh]
Our greenhouse
never smelled so good.
[Laugh]
But. uh. seriously.
the truth is...
you've made this big
old drafty box
feel a little bit
more like home.
Happy anniversary. sweet pea.
Donna...
Thank you.
This is so beautiful.
May it catch
all the bad dreams...
and let only
the sweet ones reach you.
- Come here.
- Thank you.
Oh. We are so lucky to have you.
So lucky to have...
- All right with the mushy.
- [Laughs]
All right. everybody.
you all know the protocol.
Drink. smoke. have fun.
keep an eye on each other.
- Cheers!
- [All] Cheers.
Cheers. baby.
- [Chattering]
- [Music playing]
Happy anniversary. gorgeous.
Thank you.
Look at what she got me.
She made this herself.
[Stacey] Aw!
So. that's the plan. Yup.
Find a way outta here
once and for all
before it all comes
crashing down around us.
Your turn.
I buried this bag
the day I arrived.
Open it.
Holding out on me?
This yours?
I'm not talking about the shirt.
I'm talking about the blood.
There's another item in the bag.
I mean. what what is it?
What the fuck is going on?
We've never really
discussed who we used to be...
before we came here.
[Exhales]
There was this young boy
in my congregation.
He was quiet. sensitive.
He used to get so excited
when his mother let him put a
dollar in the collection plate.
One day. after mass.
I found him lingering
outside the rectory
and it was unusual.
You know. he wasn't
really the type of kid
to stray too far
from his parents.
They were very. um...
strict...
rigid.
And I get it. Parents.
they worry about their kids.
and sometimes you have...
[Exhales]
I'm sorry. Do you mind?
[Gasps]
Anyway. the point is...
the boy was upset.
He asked if he
could stay a while.
But I had to prepare
for evening mass
and I didn't want
the parents to worry.
So I. uh...
I went to my drawer and
I pulled out a candy bar.
I. uh I always keep a
stash for the neighborhood kids.
I could see he
didn't want to go.
But I handed it to him
and I sent him on his way.
Later that evening. I.
uh I went by the house.
It was a bit unorthodox.
You know. I'm not really in
the habit of making house calls.
but something was
nagging me and I just...
As I walked up the driveway.
the mother.
she came running out.
hysterical...
inconsolable.
She was...
And I could smell the alcohol
the moment I stepped
through the door.
The father was just...
standing there
with this panicked.
dumbfounded look on his face.
"Get up! Get up!" he said.
I walked over and I stepped in
the room. and there he was.
This sweet. innocent boy.
just laying there. broken.
His neck was bulging in a way
it was...
And I could see.
in his pocket...
the candy bar.
[Exhales unsteadily]
"He'll be fine."
That's what the father said.
It was the way he said it.
Sounded indignant.
The next thing I knew.
I was on top of him.
smashing his face
as hard as I could.
I couldn't stop.
I just kept hitting
him over and over again.
I couldn't stop.
Even when I felt the bones
in my hand start to break.
I couldn't stop.
I was the one
who was supposed to listen.
I was the one who was
supposed to defend the
defenseless.
That sweet little boy came
to me begging for help.
and all I could do was
give him a candy bar.
A fucking candy bar!
The next thing I remember.
I was standing on a bridge.
holding that bottle in my hand.
And it was the first time
in my life
that I heard the voice of God.
He told me to get
back in the car.
that there was another
path for me to follow.
So I did.
I got back in the car
and I drove.
and two hours later. I was here.
Why are you
telling me all this now?
Because I have Sara tied up in
the basement of the church.
Look. I've always known that
there's a reason we're here.
that there's a path
we're meant to follow.
and I know it may seem
[Gun cocking]
Tell me you're joking.
Boyd
Tell me you are
motherfucking joking!
Are you gonna shoot me?
I might fucking shoot you. yeah!
You told me that
Frank broke the rules.
Frank had to go in the box!
And now you just that girl
That girl may be the key
to unlocking all this.
That girl...
may be the way we all go home.
Keep talking.
Okay.
[Indistinct chatter]
Jasmine.
[Tapping]
Jasmine!
What's wrong?
I only came to say goodbye.
What? Wait. wait. wait.
I don't understand.
Just please talk to me.
Why won't you let me in?
You know why. I can't.
Please.
just stay and talk with me.
You said you liked me.
I do!
I can't keep coming here.
knowing I'll see you
but never get to feel you.
knowing you're afraid of me.
that you're disgusted by me.
No. It
You always tell me
how lonely you are in there.
You have no idea
how lonely it is out here.
It wasn't my choice
to be this way.
Goodbye. Kevin.
Wait. wait.
You know. there's a party
going on downstairs.
Everyone's having
a really good time.
But you are the only one
that I want to be with.
You are the only one
that I can really talk to.
You promise it'll just be you?
No one else can get in?
Not once we shut the window.
I promise.
Okay.
And now. the question is...
how many dimensions are there?
Bosonic string theorists believe
there are 26 dimensions.
but superstring theorists
say there's only 10.
[Stacey] And is that what this
place is? Another dimension?
[Dale] Oh. no. no.
This is a pocket universe.
Oh. my God.
For Christ's sake. man. enough.
It's not a pocket universe;
it's not whatever
the fuck you think it is.
and nobody gives a fuck.
So why don't you
shut the fuck up. man?
Yeah. okay. have another drink.
All right. calm down.
- [Glass smashes]
- Jesus!
Hey!
What are you
gonna do about it? Huh?
- Hey!
- What are you gonna do?
All right. okay.
Take him upstairs before he
starts shooting up the place.
- No. no. no. no!
- Hey. hey. hey! That's enough.
That's enough! Now. ease up!
You okay?
Hey. you okay?
Yeah. I'm sorry. I. um
I'm just gonna go
upstairs and lay down.
Okay. I'll come with you.
Nah. it's fine. It's fine.
Hey. I'm just. uh...
[Sniffling. exhaling sharply]
It's your night.
Just stay.
Goddamn animal.
Like mother. like son.
You stay the fuck
outta my sight.
Now. close the window. quick.
See? Just the two of us.
Just the two of us.
My handsome boy.
Your hands are so warm.
Did you think
they would be cold?
Kiss me.
♪
[Grunts]
[Gasping]
[Stammers]
[Growls]
[Knocking]
What?
[Sighs] Dinner's ready.
I'm not hungry.
You've been staring at that book
for a day and a half.
maybe you should
Just fuck off. Just fuck off.
You know what. Jade?
[Speaks Cantonese]
Okay! Okay! Okay! Okay!
I'm coming! Jesus!
Uh. I wouldn't take too long
if I were you.
[Speaks Cantonese]
- [Indistinct chatter]
- [Music playing]
You know. you should really
work on your party face.
What are you doing.
sitting here all by yourself?
You don't have to.
I know you don't like me.
That's not true.
I just...
It's such a nice party.
You'll get one too.
No.
I don't think I will.
Take off your shirt.
What?
I'm not gonna lie.
You drive me crazy sometimes.
But we're in this together.
You're not alone.
Really?
Think of it as an early gift
for your anniversary.
You know what?
Much as I hate to admit.
it looks better on you.
[Laughs] That's wildly untrue.
But thank you.
I'm gonna find something
to give you. too.
Excuse me.
That was nice of you.
Everybody needs a little
pick-me-up sometimes.
Can I ask you something?
Sure.
Uh. that girl that you
that you kissed before?
Who? Stacey? Yeah. she's great.
Yeah. I'm just I thought you
and Ellis were... together.
Oh. Oh. God. yeah. Yeah. no.
Ellis. he's he's my person.
That thing with Stacey. that's
just. you know. fooling around.
Oh. okay.
Do you think...
Could I kiss you?
Oh. um. Julie...
No. I was I was just kidding.
I didn't mean
No. sweetie
No. you know what?
Just forget it.
[Sighs]
So. this girl tells you she's
hearing voices and you just
Look. I was skeptical.
Just like you. okay?
But then...
she showed me this.
Look at that.
That's the logo
I know what it is.
That was almost three years ago.
Sara and Nathan have been here.
what? Four. five months?
All right. so you told someone.
someone told Sara
I never told a soul.
Boyd. there was no possible way
she could have known.
Something was
watching me that day.
the same thing that told Sara
And you think this thing
is trying to help us?
By killing an old man
and a child?
Whatever it is. it's a part
of the fabric of this place.
Okay?
Whatever connection Sara has
makes her valuable in ways
we may not even understand yet.
Okay. now if you want to put
her in the box. that's fine.
I'm not gonna stop you.
But if you're serious
about finding answers -
the fact that you're going on
this journey at the same time
that this connection
is revealed.
that's not just a coincidence.
That's providence.
So. what are you suggesting?
That we go with you.
Sara and I. Okay?
We use this connection
to our advantage.
So. a priest. a sheriff.
and a murdering psycho
walk into a bar.
Yeah. something like that. yeah.
- [Scoffs]
- What?
[Gasps]
[Whistles]
If we go any deeper. we're
gonna need a taller ladder.
[Sighs] Well. we'll go
as deep as we have to.
[Exhales]
Here. come here.
Let me take a look at that.
I'm fine. really.
"Fine" is not a word I would use
to describe any of us
at this point.
- Ow!
- That's it. Yeah.
[Gasps]
Yup.
- Oof!
- Little bit harder?
[Groans]
Why don't you take a break?
Go sit with Ethan for a bit.
I'll take over here.
[Moans]
Are you stuck on your antenna?
Yeah.
Ow. Go slow. please.
Pretty much.
Oh. my God.
How's that?
It's amazing.
[Exhales]
[Breathes deeply]
- [Indistinct chatter]
- [Music playing in distance]
♪
[Knocking]
Can I come in?
I'd rather you didn't.
Please?
This is the only place
in this house I can be alone.
Well. sort of.
- You look sad.
- Can I just come in?
I'm having a really bad night.
Are you going somewhere?
It looks like you're packing.
No. I'm just...
No. It's hard to explain.
Why did you dig those graves?
I don't want to talk about that.
Are these from all the
cars that have come into town?
Yes. that's right.
On my first night.
down by the pantry.
you said that two cars hadn't
come to town on the same day
for a really long time.
and that it was special.
Why?
You've been here
the longest out of anyone.
Do you know what this place is?
Seriously. man. I don't know why
you keep staring at that thing.
I'm sorry. Hold on.
This page. it's...
[Kenny] What?
There's two pages
stuck together here.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. Okay.
[Kenny] Huh.
Now. we're talking.
Victor!
[Speaks Cantonese]
Holy shit.
- [Indistinct chatter]
- [Music playing]
You're gonna go
to a new home now.
I'm gonna give you to Fatima.
She's gonna take
such good care of you.
[Woman laughs]
[Laughs]
What are you laughing at?
[Breathing rapidly]
[Gasps]
[Panicked whimpers]
Hi. Trudy.
How how do you know my name?
We know all your names.
[Gasps]
[Breathing rapidly]
[Gasping]
[Screams]
[Stammering] I'm just saying...
I've been here longer than
him. Deserve a little respect.
I could really help this
place if they just
What the...?
Is that blood?
Jeez...
What the...?
Ah!
[Blood-curdling scream]
They're in the house!
They're inside!
[Screaming]
Ellis? Have you seen Ellis?
[Breathing rapidly]
Ellis!
[Woman] Follow protocol!
[Man] Where's the van?!
Hide!
- [Screams]
- What's going on?
It's starting.
What? What's starting?
We have to go.
Go where?
Where are we going?
Go where? Hello?
[Breathing rapidly] Answer me!
[Breathing rapidly]
[Screaming in distance]
[Grunts] You go first.
I'll follow you down.
Here. Take this.
[Whimpering]
[Screaming in distance]
You ready?
[Breathing rapidly]
[Whimpering]
[Screaming indistinctly]
[Indistinct panic. screaming]
[Screaming]
Follow protocol!
Find your buddy!
Get into the van! Come on!
Wait. Donna! What are you doing?
- Where's Ellis and Julie?
- I don't know.
- Hey. Donna!
- I am not running.
Okay. You've gotta get
those people to town.
Save as many as you can.
- Follow protocol.
- Okay. okay.
[People screaming]
All right. everyone.
Out of the way.
Get in the van!
[Indistinct panic. screaming]
Oh. my God.
[Anguished scream]
Oh. my God. Hurry up!
[Woman screaming]
[Grunts]
We need to get to town.
[Breathing heavily]
- No. We have to go to the trees.
- Are you crazy?
Those things live in there!
- Please!
- They'll kill us!
You have to trust me.
If you want to see
your family again.
we have to go to the trees.
Okay.
[Screaming in distance]
[Shouting in distance]
[Woman in distance] No!
[Shouting and screaming
in distance]
[Breathing unsteadily]
[Screaming in distance]
♪
[Dripping]
[Breathing unsteadily]
No.
[Sniffling] No.
Baby. no way.
[Floor creaking]
[Man in distance] Keep moving!
[Screaming indistinctly]
[Grunts]
Ellis!
[Coughs]
Hey.
Hi. Have you seen Julie?
I don't know. I can't
- [Screaming]
- Okay. we need to go.
We need to run. Come on!
- Come on.
- [Woman screaming]
[Shouts in pain] No. I can't!
- Come on!
- I can't go! You just go.
I'm not going without you!
Come on. we can do this.
Up. up. up!
Up. up. up! We have to
get back in the house!
We have to get inside!
I have an idea. Come on.
Please!
Please. please. please. please!
Please. Please...
[Banging]
[Woman inside]
Don't be like that.
We were having so much fun.
[Footsteps receding]
[Breathing unsteadily]
[Thudding]
[Sobbing]
[Banging]
- [Thudding]
- [Doorknob rattling]
[Sobbing]
[Doorknob rattling]
[Footsteps thudding]
[Breathing unsteadily]
[Thudding inside house]
How'd you know
that was gonna work?
I didn't.
With your dad and the RV I just
[Sobbing]
I'm sorry.
I love you.
I love you too.
[Grunting in pain]
-[Julie] Where are we
going?! -There's another one
here.
- [Julie] Another what?
- Come on.
You have to get inside.
- The tree? No! No!
- You'll be safe!
- What?
- I promise.
You have to find your brother.
You have to warn him.
You have to tell
him it's starting.
I don't know what
you're talking about!
He will.
- Go. go. go!
- No. wait!
[Victor]
I'll be right behind you.
[Door creaks]
[Panicked breathing]
♪
If we do this -
and I mean "if" -
and she even
blinks the wrong way...
You do what you need to do.
But we're goin' out there
and we're gonna find answers.
We're gonna find a way. Boyd.
This. this is why I was told
to get back in the car.
So that you and I
can go out there and find a way
to bring these people home.
You're a fucking madman.
You know that. right?
Bible's full of 'em.
- [Chuckle]
- [Car horn blaring]
What the fuck?
[Car horn blaring]
What happened?!
I what happened?!
They got in and they
- Wait! Where's Ellis?
- I don't know!
- Where is Ellis?
- I don't know! Sorry!
Everybody inside.
- Go! Let's go!
- Everybody inside now!
- Let's go! Let's go! Hustle!
- Keep going! Keep going!
- Let's go! Come on. man!
- Hurry. hurry. hurry! Inside!
- Is that it? Is that it?
- Inside. everybody!
[Man] Where are you guys going?
You guys okay over there?
[Woman] Father...
[Boyd] No!
- No. come here!
- [Gun firing]
Close it!
Come on. You got it.
[Groaning] Come on!
[Donna] Keep him elevated.
Get me something
to stop the bleeding!
- Please. no.
- [Boyd] Okay. it's okay.
- Please!
- Let me stop the bleeding!
Please... No.
- You're okay.
- No.
- No...
You're okay. You are okay.
It doesn't end like this.
Right.
My path... Please!
Hurry up!
[Wheezing]
Okay.
I got him.
One...
There we go. There we go.
Open your eyes. Stay with me.
Stay with me.
[Groaning] Pray with me.
- [Boyd] What? Okay.
- Pray with me.
- Okay.
Okay. okay.
Our Father.
[Both] ...who art in Heaven.
hallowed be thy name.
Thy kingdom come.
thy will be done
on earth as it is in heaven.
Give us this day
our daily bread...
[Wheezing]
and forgive us our trespasses
as we forgive those
who trespass against us.
And lead us not into temptation.
but deliver us from evil.
Amen.
Amen. [Breathing unsteadily]
[Breathing unsteadily]
♪
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-